# 5.1. Create User

## Objective:
Verify that the system can successfully create a new user when accessing the `/api/v1/user` endpoint.

## Preconditions:
> This endpoint is open to access for all

1. The user has appropriate permissions to create new users.
2. The `/api/v1/user` endpoint is accessible
3. Dummy request data
    ```java
    String dataUser =
        "{    \"firstname\": \"Albert\",\n" +
        "    \"lastname\": \"Baumbach\",\n" +
        "    \"username\": \"Albert.Baumbach72\",\n" +
        "    \"email\": \"Albert.Baumbach72@yahoo.com\",\n" +
        "    \"password\": \"12345\" }"
        ;
    ```
4. Dummy response
    ```json
    {
        "id": 448,
        "firstname": "Albert",
        "lastname": "Baumbach",
        "username": "Albert.Baumbach72",
        "email": "Albert.Baumbach72@yahoo.com",
        "enabled": false,
        "photo": "default.jpg",
        "followers": [],
        "followings": []
    }
    ```

### Test Steps:
| # | When | Given | Then | Test Data |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 1 | Prepare valid `dataUser` as request body | Send a POST request to the `/api/v1/user` endpoint with the user details | Verify the response returned by the system | request `dataUser` |

### Expected Results:
- [x] The system should create a new user account with the provided details.
- [x] The response status code should indicate success (e.g., HTTP status code 201).
- [x] The response should include the created user's information.
- [x] The created user should be in status `enabled: false`
- [ ] The system should create the corresponding `verification token`

### Postconditions:
- The newly created user account is available in the system.
- The user can log in using the provided credentials.

### Test Data:
- Valid input data including username, email, password, etc.

### Notes:
- Validate the correctness of the returned user information.
- Check for any additional metadata or headers included in the response.
- Ensure that the system handles edge cases such as duplicate usernames or emails appropriately.

### Risks and Considerations:
- Validate the system's behavior when invalid input data is provided.
- Ensure that sensitive user information is handled securely during the creation process.
- Verify that the user creation process adheres to any applicable business rules or constraints.

---

This high-level test document outlines the objectives, preconditions, steps, expected results, and postconditions for verifying the creation of a new user via the `/api/v1/user` endpoint. It also includes considerations for test data, notes, and potential risks associated with the scenario.